qotd: add qotd command system (#330)
yagpdb-cc/yagpdb-cc: website/docs/fun/qotd/overview.md

---
title: Overview
---

Engage your community with questions of the day!

## Features

- Manually or automatically post a new question each day.

> - Ask your own custom questions.
> - Post a random pre-made question if you don't have any.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Allow users to submit their own questions, or automatically generate a random one.
```
though the "automatically" introduces redundancy with the previous point (sigh)

- Limit users to one answer per question or let them speak freely.

> - Delegate a question of the day channel or integrate it into an existing general chat.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Configure a separate question of the day channel or integrate it into an existing general chat.
```
